content/_index.md, before:

---
title: 💜 Welcome to Amethyst!
enableToc: false
---

## What is Amethyst?
Amethyst is a free [Obsidian Publish](https://obsidian.md/publish) alternative that is derived from two existing projects, [Quartz](https://quartz.jzhao.xyz/) and [Hugo Book](https://github.com/alex-shpak/hugo-book).

The purpose of Amethyst is to provide a space to publish more structured notes created in Obsidian that may not fit in the [digital garden](https://joelhooks.com/digital-garden/) archetype that is well-supported by existing projects.

Amethyst was primarily created as a theme for my [course notes](https://notes.bencuan.me).

## Get Started
> 📚 Step 1: [Setup your own Amethyst instance](setup/setup.md)

> ✏️ Step 2: [Editing Notes in Amethyst](setup/editing.md)

> 🔗 Step 3: [How to setup your Obsidian Vault to work with Amethyst](setup/obsidian.md)

> 👀 Step 4: [Preview Changes](setup/preview%20changes.md)

> 🌍 Step 5: [Hosting Amethyst online!](setup/hosting.md)

> 🎨 Step 6:  [Customizing Amethyst](setup/config.md)

Returning user? Here's how to [[setup/updating|update]] your existing Amethyst instance.

Here's a list of all [setup-related notes](/tags/setup), which are also accessible via the sidebar menu under the "Getting Started" section.

### Troubleshooting
- 🚧 [Troubleshooting and FAQ](setup/troubleshooting.md)
- 🐛 [Submit an Issue](https://github.com/64bitpandas/amethyst/issues)
- 👀 [Contact me](https://bencuan.me/contact)

Commit message:

Change homepage to talk about Tiny Trading

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: 💜 Welcome to Tiny Trading!
enableToc: false
---
Hello, and welcome to **Tiny Trading**! I'm excited to embark on this journey with you, where we explore the fascinating world of trading. This is a continuous adventure where I aim to build a robust and profitable trading system starting with $5,000 USD, and I'd love for you to be a part of it. Join me on my live streams [on Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/tinytrading)!

## What is Tiny Trading?
**Tiny Trading** is my attempt at creating a community-driven effort to learn the intricacies of the trading realm. We'll cover everything from low-level programming to the mathematics of potential strategies and everything in between. The main goal of this project is educational: to foster a community where we can learn together from and leverage our collective knowledge.

This is a long-term project. As time passes and the market continues to evolve, so will our strategies and systems. We will (hopefully) make money and learn as much as possible about trading along the way.

## About me
My name is Luis Victoria. I finished my undergrad at the end of 2022 and have since been working as a software engineer. I currently live in New York City 🗽. While I do work in the financial industry, I still have much to learn. This project is my way of changing that, even if it's just a little bit.

Let's build something great together!
